the gentleman raises the med Bugattis
nem were the superstars of the 1920s
young man who were prepared to risk
death and financial ruin
for glory on the racetracks of Europe at
twice the price of Bugattis next most
expensive car of the time the take 44
and is just one of 300 ever mid this was
the super car of its day
I've often fantasized about driving one
and resplendent in the famous French
recent blue now's my chance
the first thing is to weave our 1920s
car out through the 21st century traffic
of Mulsanne there actually was the house
mr. Bugatti lifted oh we we just care
yeah that this is the old factory
I can't believe
my motion
this is what it's all about with a town
safely negotiated it's time to hit the
open road the little higher
yeah you've got
you can always better to pull it off
it's now
this car is a sturdy type 35 T one of
the 30 built specifically for Europe's
most famous Road race of the era the
Targa Florio a 277 mild course through
the Sicilian mountains with just straw
Bill's down for safety only the toughest
cars and competitors finished this race
from 1926 on Bugatti triumphed an
unprecedented five years Robin
the man
Brian you are really good
with the octogenarian engine growling
aware we just sit back and enjoy the
ride
Nexen sweet isn't not the engine on this
it's everything I thought it
the idea of an Italian building a car in
France is pretty scary but what could
have ended up like the leaning tower of
Eiffel is instead simply one of the best
cars I'll ever drive it's the old saying
you know there's two sides to every
story and then this is the truth and
I've just been driving the truth in it
the truth is good every fixture you know
every casting every piece of that car is
perfection I'm just a lucky puppy and I
wouldn't forget this there